Privacy Policy
Effective April 5th, 2024

Our Commitment
At Stream, protecting your privacy and your patient's data is our top priority. We are committed to protecting your personal information, all data within Stream, and will never sell or trade your data to third parties.

1. What personal data does River Records collect about me?
Account Information: We may collect contact information such as your phone number, email, address, or single sign-on login information to create an account and allow you to access it.

Health Information: When you record a health conversation, we collect the audio and process that into a readable transcript that we store. We use the transcript to create a recording summary tailored to you or your health professional which may include your recording.

Conversations: You can initiate a recording of any health conversation in the Services. It will immediately be available to you when you log in. You may choose to share that conversation with another user.

Activity: You can interact with your recordings in several ways in the Services to help you with organization. For example, you can add a title, the name of the doctor or patient you spoke with, use a suggested tag, edit a medical mention to improve accuracy, or star a particular moment for easy access. We store Your Activity in association with your account.

Contacts: For certain features you may choose to share your recording and recording summary with another user by either manually entering a recipient’s phone number or permitting us to access your phone’s contacts so you can choose a recipient. If the recipient is not a current user, we will send them a text message inviting them to use the Services. We do not store your Contacts, but we need access so you can select recipients. You can stop us from accessing Contacts in your phone’s settings at any time. When you share a recording, we store the recipient’s phone number and any message you send in association with your account. You can stop sharing a recording with a Contact at any time.

Location: For certain features, for example to find health professionals near you, you may choose to share your location. We will notify you and receive your consent before we collect this data.

Analytics and Passively Collected Data: We collect data about how you use the Services through pixel tags and cookies including your IP address, mobile device ID, click or tap history, type of OS or browser and other actions on the Services. This information is collected from your phone or web browser as you interact with web and mobile apps and helps us improve your experience with the Services.

Feedback and Support: We love to hear from you! Whether you have an idea to make the Services better or need a little help, we store the emails you send us and use them to help us prioritize how to improve our Services.

De-identified Data: De-identified Data is non-personal information that is aggregated or de-identified so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify an individual. We use de-identified data for research and development of new products or tools, to refine our algorithms and machine learning applications, and to improve the Services we provide. We may disclose such information publicly and to third parties, for example, in public reports about health, to partners under agreement with us, or in benchmarking information we provide to the medical community.

2. How does River Records use personal data?
River Records processes personal data to provide the Services to you:

We use machine learning to process your audio recording and create a transcript of relevant medical mentions that we provide to you.

We use your name when you share a recording, so the recipient knows who sent it.

We use your name, email address, and mobile phone number to manage your account, contact you about your use of our Services, respond to your requests, and inform you of new features or products.

We use Analytics and Passively Collected Data to understand how you use our Services, to test features and tools, ensure our Services are working properly, and protect it from bad actors.

We use personal data to improve our Services. For example: to troubleshoot and protect against errors; perform data analysis and testing; conduct research and surveys; develop new products or tools; and refine our algorithms and machine learning applications.

We use your email address to send you information about our Services or our Partners. You can opt-out from receiving messages at any time by clicking “unsubscribe” in any email you receive.

We use your contact information and information about how you use our Services to send promotional communications that may be of specific interest to you. These communications are aimed at driving engagement and maximizing what you get out of the Services, including information about new features, survey requests, events and other information we think may be of interest to you. We also communicate with you about new product offers, promotions and contests.

We are always looking for ways to make our Services smarter, faster, more secure, integrated and useful to you. To that end, we use collective learnings about how people use our Services and feedback provided directly to us to troubleshoot and to identify trends, usage, activity patterns and areas for integration and improvement of the Services.

We use personal data to promote the safety and security of our Services, our users, and other parties. For example, to protect against fraud and abuse, respond to a legal request or claim, conduct audits, and enforce our terms and other policies.

3. When is my personal information shared?
We never sell personal data. We only share it with your consent or when required or permitted by law.



Here are the circumstances under which your personal data may be shared:

When you consent, agree or direct us to share it. There may be times when you ask us to perform an action that will share your data. For example:

You may direct us to share a recording with a family member who is a user of our Services. You can revoke this access at any time.

The Services include links and interactions with third parties that aren’t controlled by River Records. We partner with these organizations because they provide benefits that we think makes our experience more beneficial to you. We do not share personal data with partners unless you direct us to do so and we include a link to the partner’s privacy policy in the Services so you will know how your data will be used by that partner.

Please note that once your data is shared with a third party, it is covered by any policies that apply to that third party and you will have to contact them directly to access or delete your personal data.



To provide the Services. We transfer data to service providers and other partners who process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and other confidentiality and security measures enforced by legal contract. This processing can include services such as customer support, cloud storage, marketing, data analysis, research, and surveys.

We use Google Analytics, a web analysis service operated by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies (text files) stored on your computer to allow for analysis of your visits to websites and interactions with them in order to personalize your experience and improve the Services. You may prevent data from being used by Google Analytics by downloading and installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.

To comply with the Law. We may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena.

Please note: Our policy is to notify you of legal process seeking access to your information, such as search warrants, court orders, or subpoenas, unless we are prohibited by law from doing so. In cases where a court order specifies a non-disclosure period, we provide delayed notice after the expiration of the non-disclosure period. Exceptions to our notice policy include exigent or counterproductive circumstances, for example, when there is an emergency involving a danger of death or serious physical injury to a person.



To Protect Us and Others. We may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service or this Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which River Records is involved.

Business Transfers. If we are acquired by or merged with another company, if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or reorganization, we will give affected users notice before transferring any personal data to a new entity.

      

4. How do you keep my data safe?
We use a combination of technical, administrative, and physical controls to keep user data secure. Data is always transmitted via secure channels. Data is encrypted in transit and at rest using the industry best practice encryption standards (e.g. S/MIME, X.509 certificates, TLS) to safeguard your information. Data is protected as it travels over the internet during read and write operations using HTTPS. We use HIPAA-compliant products and services for health data storage and processing. In addition to using state-of-the-art security systems, we also have strict internal access-control policies to prevent privacy violations.

5. How do you protect children?
Our Services are not intended for children. Our Services are not directed at children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we are collecting data from a child under 13, we will promptly delete the data and the account. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 provided data to us without parent or guardian consent, please contact us at hello@riverrecords.ai.

6. Access To, Storage Of, And Deleting My Personal Information
You may access and modify personal data that you have submitted by logging into your account and updating your profile information. Please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified or deleted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Services for a period of time. Your personal data is stored and accessible on your device as well as in the cloud.



We store information associated with your account until your account is deleted. You can delete your account at any time from the settings menu in the Services or by contacting us at hello@riverrecords.ai. Please note that it may take 24 hours to delete your account information, and we may preserve it for legal reasons or to prevent harm, including as described in the “When Is My Personal Data Shared?” section.

7. Your California Privacy Rights
This Privacy Policy complies with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), which requires that we provide California residents with notice that you have the right to:

opt-out of the sale of personal information,

know about personal information collected, disclosed or sold,

request deletion of personal information, and

be treated without discrimination should you exercise these rights.



More information regarding the: sources from which we collect personal information can be found above in the section titled “What Personal Data Does River Records Collect About Me?”; business and commercial purposes for which we collect your personal information can be found above in the section titled “How We Use Your Information”; categories of recipients with whom personal information is shared or sold can be found in the section above titled “When Is My Personal Data Shared?”

               
We do not sell any personal information collected from your use of our Services. To make a request under the California Consumer Privacy Act, or for any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or practices, please contact us at hello@riverrecords.ai.

8. Changes to Privacy Policy
We will notify you before we make material changes to this policy and give you an opportunity to review the revised policy before deciding to continue using our Services.


